Allow opam source to run without a switch, add a `--no-switch' option (#4850)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

## Option
  *

## Source

>   * download source even is no switch is set [#XXXX @rjbou @zapashcanon]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Download source even if no switch is set [#4850 @rjbou @zapashcanon]
  * Introduce a new --no-switch option to the opam switch command [#4850 @rjbou @zapashcanon]
```

# API updates
## opam-client

>   * OpamAction: `prepare_package_source` takes an unlocked switch state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * OpamAction: `prepare_package_source` can now take any switch state (previously required `rw`) [#4850 @rjbou @zapashcanon]
```
